Last Friend
You go, hahaha, think beautifully.
Oh hahaha
This is my share of the money.
Bomb me and blow up your wedding
Little flower
Are you feeling unwell?
Or go to the room to rest
Go change the game and enter the bar
Are you getting married today?
Mom has nothing to give
This is the jade pendant handed down by our family.
Mr. Ye, this is a big day
Here you go.
Your daughter is a snake
Born to eat shit
But I promise you, 20 years will be different.
After 20 years, you must marry a man named Zhang Fan
world
Ah it's alright
Mom will handle it.
Take a break
release
I did everything I had to do
You must let my little snow pick up
Don't worry, even though you are a fool.
But your Wang family let me go
I will never bully you
I won't let you down